Sliver template v.2 2011-10-30

Sidebars left, Sidebars right, no Sidebars via templates config.
Additional middle, top, footer Sidebars via admin panel plugin section.
                  
Uses HTML5 and CSS3 features, ships with some external libs (for example PIE) 
Please copy the PIE.htc file in js/libs/ to your domain root / to let MS-IE 6/7/8 versions benefit from CSS3 borders, shadows, gradient features

Original based on Bulletproof and Boilerplate-1 and Boilerplate-2
Name: Sliver 2011
Author: Ian
Date: 2011-08-12
engine: new_default,default
Require Serendipity: 1.6
Description: Sidebars left, Sidebars right and no Sidebars via templates config. Additional middle, top and footer Sidebars via admin panels plugin section.

Sliver comes with nearly full boilerplate supported template root files, as there are favicon.ico, 
.htaccess (which has an activated mod_rewrite option to turn www.domain.ext into domain.ext), humans.txt and robots.txt files. 
If you experience curious problems in conjunction with Serendipities htaccess settings, have a look in Slivers htaccess file too.

All Boilerplate and Sliver includement files (like js, css) are found in js/ and css/ dirs.
It is supposed to include your own JavaScript additions to js/scripts.js and CSS to css/user.css (enable user.css option in template config).

Sliver also adds some backend CSS additions to the default admin styles.

The Archives page supports an additional staticpage file text & link for further or internal archive listings. Please enable them in lang files.

This template is not supposed to use header images. It makes use of some pre configured <pre and <code CSS styles to be used out the box (see sliver_styles.css).

Both dirs (/sliver and /default_new) are supposed to be copied to your template dir /serendipity/templates. The new_default is a dependency template of Sliver and both dirs and are not supposed to be used standalone.

Sliver has multiple options to configure your template, as using jquery, google analytics etc. 
If you need to set some (google) webfonts, please investigate the header part of index.tpl.

This Template still is a work in progress.
